Welcome to the Yahowah Vlog.
I'm Craig Winn.
This is our co-host.
This is Wookie.
We're,
as you're going to see here momentarily,
I'm sure going to find that we are
braving the elements out here.
Those of you who live in cold climes
will mock that,
but
We are dealing with the twenty five
gusting to thirty five knot winds here in
the Virgin Islands.
The seas that are surrounding us,
which I'm sure are captain of the cables.
Rich will show during this program
breaking off of Green Key Island and and
also in the inner reef are ten to
twelve feet.
So we've got
Raging seas and blustery winds and all in
all,
it's a fun day to be alive here.
You can see the Wookie's hair is blowing
all over the place.
He asked for combat pay, mind you,
to do this show.
Won't happen, but nonetheless,
he made that request.
Speaking of combat,
I wanna talk a little bit about the
situation in Israel pursuant to Shabuwah.
Last year,
I made a number of pronouncements saying
that for this Shabuwah to be the beginning
of the time of Israel's troubles,
as I had assessed from studying all of
the prophets and everything that can be
deduced about this time.
that it is the period where, um,
it becomes obvious that a man known to
Yahowah as Rahab,
he is the great betrayer of Israel.
He is actually Donald Trump,
as the prophets describe him,
is going to betray Israel.
And in the process of betraying Israel,
there'll be a Fakestinian state,
an Islamic state, if you will,
that'll be carved out of the heart of
Israel that will make Israel vastly more
vulnerable, in fact, indefensible.
It looked as if that were imminent as
Donald Trump articulated his positions
early on and actually had an announcement
where he sent out a letter to all
world leaders saying,
don't interfere with our process.
And he was working with Saudi Arabia and
had actually meetings scheduled for the
express purpose of announcing the creation
of a Palestinian state.
And then when he had Netanyahu into the
Oval Office for one of those many
meetings,
he deflected attention on the creation of
a state of Islamic terrorism to Netanyahu,
who answered and said, yes,
we recognize that that will will occur and
and went on.
uh,
to be browbeaten by Trump in this regard.
And so it was obvious that it was
going to occur.
And then, uh, Trump, uh,
became all tied up in all manner of
Epstein files and needed much bigger
distractions than that.
And his big announcement on having
resolved the, um,
war between the Muslims in Gaza and
Israel, which obviously he did not,
because Israeli troops are still
conducting all manner of operations in the
area,
and Hamas is still in control of the
Gaza Strip.
He just lost his way regarding all of
this, but...
I think I understand how it's going to
play out,
and I want to share this with you.
And I've shared parts of this previously.
So first,
what I said is that for my understanding
of the prophets to have been accurate and
for Yahowah's prophecies to have been true
regarding the coinciding of this coming
Shabuwah,
seven years prior to his return in twenty
thirty three on Yowm Kipurym,
which is six thousand YAH, to be accurate,
then there must be significant movement
towards a Fakestinian
state of Islamic terrorism.
we had seemed to move from that so
what i said is that the scenario that
would cause it to happen again is for
trump to make the catastrophic mistake
along with israel and the miscalculation
that somehow going to war with iran again
would be a good idea and i listed
all of the reasons why
such a war would end in calamity for
both the United States and Israel.
And everything that I have shared with you
has proven to be true at this point.
From the United States side, yes,
it can bomb Iran into oblivion,
although the Iranian nation will survive.
It's over ninety million people and it's
so enormous and so well protected by
mountains and
Well, an army, the
Iranians can muster two million people
under arms and an invading force would
have to be at least two to three
times that number based on all historical
actions prior to prevail.
We were ten times the number of the
Taliban the US was in Afghanistan and
still lost.
So that's just the basics of it.
And so I realized the United States
Cannot invade and occupy Iran.
There is no possibility.
And of course,
Israel would even have a more difficult
time doing it would simply be impossible
for Israel.
Although there's talk now about Israel
wanting to put boots on the ground to
abscond with the weapons grade uranium.
That is way beyond Trump's ability to
obliterate, as he has said many times,
in subterranean vaults.
Not that the Israelis are going to have
any better luck getting it by force.
by hand in that it's one thing to
drop paratroops into Iran.
It's another thing to get at the uranium,
be able to pull it out and then
transport it back out of Israel to Israel
with anyone surviving the process or the
uranium making the journey.
So what I've said about the U.S.
is that with
the Iranians closing the Strait of Hormuz
and disrupting oil transport,
that what they're in essence doing is
undermining the petrodollar.
And by undermining the petrodollar,
the United States has no economic
credibility.
Its thirty eight trillion dollars in debt
cannot be serviced.
The debt can't be serviced as it is.
But you can create the illusion that the
U.S.
dissolvent because of the petrodollar and
nations having to have access to dollars,
even if they're funny money and just have
been created as an illusion to buy energy
oil.
one of the things that iran is doing
is has told every one of the surrounding
nations listen america bailed on you they
promised that if you honored the
petrodollar deal they would protect you
and yet they
allowed not only all of the American bases
to be destroyed throughout the Islamic
world and did nothing and actually pulled
their troops out,
dishonoring their commitments.
But it's even now such that these
countries that have partnered with the
U.S.
are finding that the Iranians are
destroying their
energy capability,
just as America is now beginning to
destroy Iran's energy capability.
And these nations are never going to allow
America back to rebuild those bases.
And there is no merit now for honoring
a petrodollar deal.
or investing in America, and without that,
America goes bankrupt and in a hurry.
So Iran is in a position now where
it said the only ships that can leave
through the Strait of Hormuz are those who
are unaffiliated with the United States
and Israel and who purchased their oil in
denominations other than the US dollar,
particularly the Chinese yuan.
So they know exactly how to hit and
destroy the US.
The combination of
of turning the world against the U.S.
by shortchanging it on urea,
which is the fertilizer needed for many
plants.
I think it's forty percent of the world's
urea supply, fertilizer supply,
comes through the straits there.
So it's going to be food shortages and
there's energy shortages and there is
runaway pricing on energy and the effect
on the economies,
plus the direct effect on the petrodollar
America is in a bad way,
and America now is very much like Israel,
completely isolated,
without a friend in the world, not one.
When Trump begged for other nations for
the war that he had claimed he already
won to fight,
opened the Strait of Hormuz,
they all said no.
And nations he didn't even ask said no.
Then he threatened NATO.
You'd better respond.
And NATO said no.
So he's all alone.
He's isolated the United States.
And so why would I be talking about
this?
For several reasons.
Let's just talk about the final issue for
the United States.
with these nations now universally saying
the United States got us into this mess.
This is a war that the Muslim nations
did not want in the Gulf and that
the United States chose it anyway.
And the war is far more harmful than
them to anyone else.
That's where most of the missiles have
gone.
And the United States is not protecting
them and has caused them to suffer
egregiously and has actually put their
dictatorships,
their family dictatorships at risk.
So they're all in negotiations with Russia
and China to ditch the petrodollar and
ditch any relationship with the United
States.
And Trump,
he is stupid and he is demonic.
He has to know, in fact,
he does know that the petrodollar is the
only reason that the United States has a
sense of an illusion of solvency.
And so to get one, two,
or three of those Gulf states to agree
for a period of time to coddle the
petrodollar notion,
even though they're getting nothing in
return unless the United States bribes
them,
he's going to have to give them a
plumb.
And you know what that plumb is going
to be?
Israel.
He's going to serve Israel on a silver
platter.
And the reason he's not going to have
any problem doing that is everybody in
their right mind, and that would disclude,
of course, MAGA Christians,
knows that this has been a disaster,
that the US is in an untenable position
and there is no way out.
You can't even declare victory and leave
as
Trump did with the hoodies after the
hoodies proved too much for the U.S.
Navy because the Straits of Hormuz are not
only blocked, but the U.S.
bases are destroyed and there's nothing
that the U.S.
can do with them.
So he can't declare victory and leave,
and yet he can't continue the fight,
largely because of the fact that to change
anything now would require boots on the
ground,
and an invading force in this situation is
impossible.
to supply and to protect.
There is no way that it can be
done.
Yes, you can land a invading force,
but the moment they try to move,
they're out of supplies,
they're out of ammunition,
they're out of food, they're out of water,
they're out of reach and they will be
surrounded and killed.
So that's a really, really bad call.
And therefore he has to come up with
someone to blame because Trump never takes
responsibility for anything.
And the only,
way to blame anyone for this mess is
to blame Israel.
And that's who he's going to pass the
blame to.
And he's going to condemn Israel as he
typically does anyone that he wants to
pass the buck to.
And this is what he's going to do
as the great betrayer.
The prophets have spoken,
they're never wrong.
This is how I see it playing out.
On the other side of the equation,
you've got Israel getting pummeled.
Now,
we don't know how bad Israel is getting
pummeled.
One of the really sad things that we're
watching now is the complete degradation
of social media.
I've started complaining some time ago and
saying that there is really no advantage
in social media.
I'm leaving it.
And I've been working with Joe to get
our website published.
not only buffed up with many more
functions and means to be productive for
family who are using it,
but now to add an interactive feature so
that we can replicate the kind of
communication that we did enjoy on
Facebook and to a lesser degree on X,
where we could comment on each other's
posts and have a sense of community,
which I'm trying to now see if we
can establish on our website.
But part of that is because both X
and Facebook are exceedingly hostile to
anyone who seeks to defend Israel or Jews
or anyone who is opposed to what Donald
Trump is doing as Magas or what liberals
are doing as Marxists or what Muslims are
doing as they become keyboard jihadists.
Now,
I read an article today from the
whistleblower that is responsible for the
lawsuit that has been brought against
Meta,
Facebook and against Mark Zuckerberg.
And what this insider said is that when
Facebook's meta stock began to tumble and
TikTok was devouring its eyeballs and the
metrics that were used to value the stock.
It was determined that TikTok was
prevailing and that Facebook was
deteriorating because Facebook had been
way too rigid in their view and what
they would and would not allow.
and that if they allowed more conspiracy
nonsense to be presented,
more religious nonsense to be presented,
particularly Muslims,
because there's two billion of them,
and more sexually explicit material to be
presented,
that their algorithms,
if they favored them,
that their stock would go up.
And so it was a deliberate move by
Facebook to create the environment that is
so hostile now to the truth.
When I look at Facebook today and I
look at my feed,
ninety percent of the posts have some
rendering of an AI video or image.
that is not true and statements regarding
it that are grossly inaccurate.
And almost all of them are disparaging of
Israel and of Jews.
And so the Islamic hatred and the Marxist
hatred
towards Jews is so endemic now to social
media because it is so popular and they're
based upon a popularity bias that the site
has become completely useless.
Everything you see is made up and AI
Well, it's capable of altering reality,
and it has done that to the point
that it has ruined X and Facebook as
credible witnesses to anything.
But the sad thing is that both X
and Facebook,
because of their investment in AI and in
data centers,
upwards of a trillion dollars in both
cases.
they have the wherewithal to review all of
those posts that are graphically designed
by AI to create illusions.
I mean, there's even, I mean,
hundreds and thousands of imaginary
Jesuses, along with boats exploding,
cities, Tel Aviv is their favorite,
exploding, Netanyahu being dead.
It goes on and on.
And conspiracy theories and Islamic hatred
and Christian absolute propaganda.
And of course,
the MAGA nutcase is still trumping Trump.
They have the ability.
with the investment they have in AI,
to immediately say this is false and the
claims being made on it are untrue and
they are hateful towards Jews and Israel,
it cannot be allowed.
But instead, they allow it.
In fact, they promote it.
That's what appears in my feed all the
time.
They promote it
And yet,
if I or anyone says it's untrue and
that it is consistent with the approach of
Marxists and Muslims and Magas to deceive,
to promote anti-Semitism,
those accounts are flagged.
Those accounts are harassed.
uh so it's it's just a horrible thing
that they have created and it has rendered
social media useless unless you're also
pursuing lies or some form of of personal
hatred uh as so many are doing so
it is it's nice to see that that
i know the reason behind the the uh
the misery now what
appears to be happening is since Israel is
not allowing anyone to show what's
happening in Israel,
they have a complete embargo.
on video of the onslaught they're enduring
from Iran,
including the strikes against their
refineries,
strikes against their air bases,
strikes against their airports,
strikes against their ports,
strikes against the Mossad and military
headquarters,
and strikes also against the outskirts of
Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
It's impossible to know just how rough it
has been.
But we do know that in the battle
between interceptor and missile,
the missile always wins even when the
interceptor knocks out its prey because of
the differential in cost and the
availability,
the ability to make drones and missiles
very rapidly and the long supply chain lag
for interceptors.
that eventually this is a war that Israel
can't win.
Their foe is too large.
It's too populous.
They can't affect anything with boots on
the ground.
And they're sitting duck as a small
country dependent entirely now on one
nation who is being embarrassed and soon
will be bankrupt.
So Israel is in a very bad position.
I begged Israel not to do this.
Israelis are still in denial.
I'm still told, you know,
you're wrong about Trump and wrong about
the Iran war and the like,
but I'm here to tell you I'm not.
I was translating Isaiah thirteen today
because I'm pursuing the references to the
greater and lesser luminaries,
the sun and the moon,
as it goes through the first prophecy and
the Towrah and runs all the way through
the last of the prophecies in the last
days.
And we've come across some amazing things
that we're going to do a whole series
of shows on,
one of which says that what Yahowah has
arranged to occur
through the Sun and the Moon, through the,
he calls them the Qatan and the Maowr,
the lesser and greater luminaries,
that should that not all transpire,
and by contrary,
should they ever grow weary?
Should they give up?
Should they just cease to do what is
required of them?
Then Israel is destroyed.
This is flat out.
There's nothing anyone can do to save
Israel.
if those two individuals don't do as they
have been instructed, if they give up.
So it's pretty strong medicine.
Then you get to Isaiah thirteen,
and there God is actually naming the foe.
He tells us the nation that is going
to be most responsible for the final
attack on Israel.
And he describes them as a nation that
is surrounded by mountains that is beyond
the borders of Israel,
such that they're kind of the far extent
of the horizon from Israel and that they
are a derivative of of the.
descendants.
He uses a very similar term talking about
the descendants of Ishmael,
today's Muslims.
So it's a Muslim nation surrounded by
mountains that is alienated from many
other countries,
that it does not share a border with
Israel,
is at least a nation or two removed
from Israel that's going to amass millions
of jihadists and going to stage that last
war.
There's only one nation that fits that
description.
Iran.
And I went through the ability of Iran
to present armed militia and army.
And it's over two million men.
And while Israel can't.
go into Iran because Israel couldn't
survive,
couldn't protect a supply line through
Syria and through Iraq to enter Iran.
Iran absolutely can.
And that's what it says that God takes
out at the end.
So that means that this current war is
only one of two possibilities.
One is that eventually there is another
ceasefire,
but it comes at a much higher cost
because Iran's not going to accept a
ceasefire unless there is a zero percent
chance that Israel can ever attack it
again or that the United States has any
presence of any kind of any significance
in the Islamic world.
And the only way to make Israel...
indefensible is with carving out that
islamic state out of israel's heart that
is spoken of in the prophets
So this is what is going to transpire.
And we are looking right down the gun
barrel of this.
And God says that either that war just
continues to wage and go on over the
next seven years.
And it's the never-ending war,
if you will.
There's a lot of wars that have lasted
more than seven years.
But it's just an ongoing war of attrition
between the two nations.
and that it finally metastasizes into Iran
invading Israel.
And there's many nations that will
accompany Iran.
It's just that Iran is the dominant force
and in control of it the way that
it's presented.
So it's either that it continues to go
on or there is another ceasefire
negotiated with Israel giving up something
enormously valuable to it, like its heart.
And that ceasefire agreement being as
realistic,
as viable as the last one that ended
the...
It didn't end,
but created the hiatus between the Twelve
Day War and this one, I guess,
that's now on its eighteenth day.
So I thought you'd be interested in what
the prophets had to say.
All right.
With that known and the reality that I
think we are on track for what was
prophesied as this Shabuwah,
the twenty-second of May, Shabbat,
beginning the time of Israel's troubles.
and being associated in the near term with
events that are going to lead towards the
creation of a Fakestinian state out of
the heart of Israel,
making Israel indefensible.
It appears that we are now moving towards
exactly that outcome in the way that I
had suggested it would occur last year.
And the consequence for everyone is going
to be
Grievous.
All right.
Now,
returning to the the psalm that we were
considering on
on behalf of our progress into the
writings.
But as we make our way to a
better understanding of the circumstances
pursuant to Dowd, our King,
our returning King, the Messiah,
the Son of God, and our Savior,
Wookie is repositioning on the ramp,
as they say.
I want to say that,
and this is the book of Samuel,
I believe is where we are picking back
up,
is that Israel has had a rough go
as it relates to partnering with,
accommodating, listening to,
responding to Yahowah.
And it
It goes all the way back, of course,
to the birth of the children of Israel,
where almost immediately they were
obnoxious.
And of course,
it continued all the way through the
Exodus,
which is just a continual story of how
belligerent the people could possibly be
towards God to the point that Moshe,
of course, wanted to kill himself.
I wanted God to kill him and how
he gave up and how Yahowah just became
incensed by the religiosity and the
perversion of Jews.
And later through the prophets announced
his divorce of them and that he's
divorcing them for their propensity to be
religious.
And they're more religious now than they
have ever been.
So, three thousand years ago,
as they had so many times previously,
the children of Israel chose very poorly.
Electing Sha'uwl was a democratic choice.
The people chose him to rule over them
in the manner of the Gentiles,
as opposed to being led by Yahowah through
his Shaphat and Towrah.
As a loving father,
rather than give up on them,
rejecting them for having rejected him,
once the people's experiment with the
human government failed and Sha'uwl
succumbed to an ignominious death,
God intervened and provided a viable
alternative.
He would choose a shepherd to lead his
people,
giving us the opportunity to become part
of his flock.
So every aspect, I think,
of this story is prophetic,
drawing our attention to a far more evil
man by the same name, Sha'uwl.
Sha'uwl is the name of the wannabe apostle
Paul who wrote the first fourteen books of
the
Christian New Testament.
And just like Sha'uwl,
he admitted that he was demon possessed.
And just like Sha'uwl, King Sha'uwl, Saul,
he was antagonistic towards the Towrah,
which is what put him in the crosshairs
of God's animosity.
So that's not good if you're a Christian.
Then Shamuw’el means that he listens to God,
said,
And Shamuw’el is the judge, the Shaphat,
and also now a prophet, said to Sha'uwl,
which means to question him.
He was the people's choice of king.
He says, you have behaved foolishly,
Sakal.
You have acted like an idiot,
ignorantly and irrationally,
even stupidly and senselessly.
That's a pretty rough term.
Failing to observe.
not closely examining nor carefully
considering the instructive conditions of
the relationship agreement, eth Mitswah,
the authoritative terms and conditions and
prescriptions of the binding contract.
This is not a difficult word to render,
Rabbis have convoluted it into some six
hundred and thirteen laws,
none of which actually exist.
But it is a compound of my,
which is to ponder and inquire about,
to question,
to try to resolve and understand,
appreciate the Tsawah Tsawah.
is that which is commissioned to convey a
sign.
It is an instruction, a direction,
a means to correct our thinking.
So the instructive conditions of the
relationship,
those would be the five conditions to
participate in the covenant, by the way,
is what God means by Mitswah.
So the instructive conditions of the
relationship agreement.
And according to the prophet, the judge,
Shamuw’el, who speaking for God,
he says to Sha'uwl, you've been stupid.
You have foolishly failed to observe the
instructive conditions of the relationship
agreement.
of Yahowah.
Uh, oh, this is exactly what Paul did.
Uh, also a Sha'uwl.
Uh, he did exactly the same thing,
annulling all of the conditions of the
covenant and replacing them with,
but I Paul say, and Yahowah,
this says of Yahowah, your God,
by the way,
Paul didn't even go that far.
He never once mentioned Yahowah's name,
but you see that those who actually speak
for Yahowah, the, uh,
All of them.
If you speak for Yahowah,
you're using Yahowah's name.
If you don't, then you don't.
Now,
there are some people who would use
Yahowah's name that don't speak for him,
but those are few and far between.
And the preponderance of people that claim
that they are students of the Towrah or
are studying the word of God that don't
use Yahowah's name,
They're clueless as to who God is or
what he had to say because his name
is central to our relationship with him.
Regarding, he said,
the correct path to the benefits of the
relationship, this is Asher,
which he instructed you.
Just in case you didn't know what Mitswah
meant, it is used here as the verb.
He provided direction for you, shawah.
It does not mean command.
There is no Hebrew word for command or
to obey.
It means to instruct and to direct.
As a result, at this time,
Yahowah has now established
your reign over israel as an eternal
witness forever so god said no this is
at this time uh because of your
foolishness what you are doing is going to
serve as an enduring witness as a
testimony that can be perceived and
understood over time so king Sha'uwl and
I think by any rational estimate,
was one one millionth as Towrah observe
adverse and one one billionth as
condemning of Yisrael as was the apostle
Sha'uwl.
And yet Yahowah called the first Sha'uwl,
the one who serves as a harbinger for
Paul, an ignorant and irrational idiot.
when actually all he did was add a
few of his own embellishments.
By contrast,
Paul repudiated the entire Towrah and threw
it away,
nailing it to his cross with the extreme
prejudice,
replacing it with his own verbal diarrhea.
He called the Towrah in his first
paragraph, in his first letter,
pornography.
So King Sha'uwl's offenses compared to the
wannabe apostle Sha'uwl's were so
insignificant that there would have been
no reason to rebuke the man who was
about to die or to tell us that
his bad example was being enshrined
forevermore as a witness to what we should
avoid.
It is only in the context of one
Sha'uwl being prophetic of the other Sha'uwl
and serving as a warning that Shamuw’el's
rebuke makes sense.
Now,
since Tsawah would not stand for King
Sha'uwl's interpretations and leadership,
Imagine what his response was going to be
to the vitriol that created the myth of
Jesus Christ to annul all that his beloved
son, Dowd, had achieved,
robbing his son of his dignity and of
his achievements,
of his accolades like Messiah, Son of God,
Savior, the Chosen One, Returning King,
all of those descriptions and
achievements.
belong to Dowd.
And yet Paul stole them all for his
myth of Jesus Christ.
So I got to tell you,
Paul is going to endure such torment even
before he is sent to Sheowl that it
is going to be a sight to see.
I'll tell you,
it's going to be one of the most
excruciating,
scenes ever recorded what's going to
happen to the principal author of the
Christian New Testament prior to his soul
going into Sheowl.
So now,
your leadership position shall not stand.
lo quwm
Not going to be established, won't endure.
It'll be a witness forever because I want
people to understand why I am terminating
you,
why I am rejecting you and how that
pertains to the wannabe apostle Paul
that's going to come around a thousand
years later.
Yahowah has diligently searched for and
responsibly sought an individual to
approach him
whose judgment and aspirations are similar
to his own ,
whose conscience and character,
whose thinking and rationale,
whose thoughts and feelings,
inclinations and determinations,
his heart and mind are consistent with his
own.
As a result,
Yahowah has instructed him regarding the
correct and conspicuous leadership,
which will expand upon the earth.
So God is speaking of expansion.
having chosen Dowd,
because Dowd's soul was similar to
Yahowah's character,
and that Dowd's heart and mind,
his conscience and character,
his thinking and rationale,
his thoughts and his feelings,
his inclinations and his determination
were the most similar of anyone else's to
Yahowah's.
And as a result of that,
finding a soul who would be similar to
him, that through whom he could work,
the first thing that Yahowah did is begin
to instruct him.
He did not do a data dump with
him.
He began to teach him.
He saw him, instructed and directed him,
providing guidance for him regarding the
correct and conspicuous leadership of
which will expound upon the truth,
la nagyd
the worthy and proper overseer who will
make known and proclaim the message among
the people.
So God's going to teach and direct,
has now taught and directed,
the soul most similar to his own so
that that soul could convey the truth and
be a conspicuous symbol of appropriate
leadership
to Israel, and to the world.
You following the story?
Indeed,
this is because you have not observed,
neither closely examined,
nor carefully considered,
which to show the way to the benefits
of the relationship,
what Yahowah instructed you.
This is Samuel, first Samuel, thirteen,
thirteen and fourteen.
Man's way
is through the Shauls of the world,
king and apostle,
through government and religion.
And it leads to death and destruction.
Yahowah's path through Dowd leads to the
covenant.
And the reason for choosing Dowd is now
clear.
Yahowah diligently searched for and found
An individual whose judgment and
aspirations were similar to his own.
Now,
can you tell me how that would have
been possible?
when he chose Dowd at eight years old,
and at eight years old,
we haven't done anything in our lives to
demonstrate our thinking and inclinations,
our potential to perform in a way that
would be similar to God.
I mean,
a full adult man after living a robust
life and being put in innumerable
challenging situations and constantly
overcoming them,
continually providing guidance,
searching his testimony,
deducing insights from it and sharing
those in a conviction fashion,
writing books and Psalms and providing
tremendous amounts of oratory over a
lifetime, battling all of the foes of God,
all of those who would be religious and
political or conspiratorial and
prevailing, seeing it through,
being reliable.
You know, in a full lifetime,
you'd you might find, you know,
a half a dozen people that fit that
description.
An eight year old boy, not a chance.
And so and God can't go forward in
time and say, well,
how is this going to work out with
somebody he has chosen prior to that time?
And if he looked forward to how
relationships turned out,
he never would have picked out.
He turned out to be a disaster.
Until finally,
he was awakened from his stupor and
corrected in the most important turnaround
in human history because it made it
possible for there to be a human history.
I know there's some of you that just
don't like the idea that a soul can
be redeployed, but I'm telling you,
that's the only way this ever works.
Dowd existed prior to this time.
After all,
God's calling Dowd his firstborn long
before he fulfills firstborn children.
How could he be God's firstborn?
When he's hanging out with God in year
three thousand, yeah,
three thousand years after God's firstborn
was conceived, that would be Adam,
the man.
So we need to begin to think with
a more open mind and realize that a
soul is a carrier of individual
personality, of attributes, of attitudes,
of capability, of just personality types.
God finds those that are like Dowd,
that he can work with,
that are similar to his own.
And when he finds one, he redeploys them.
I mean,
what do you think he took Chanowk for?
Just for giggles?
What do you think that he took ElYah
for?
And you know you're bringing him back.
Why does he tell us that Dowd is
the one who fulfills Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym?
Why did he tell us that when Dowd
is speaking of what he is going to
endure during the fulfillment of Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
that he was born the natural way from
a mother who nursed him?
If it isn't true, why did Yirma'Yah say,
you knew me before I was born,
before I was even conceived in my mother's
womb?
I mean, think it through.
The clues are everywhere.
And so if Dowd comes back and he's
telling us in this twenty-second Mizmowr
that he was born as a child again,
then that idea that there's only one
existence for each soul,
And then it either finds its way to
Shamaym or Sheowl or ceases to exist.
Can't be true.
It may be true for a ninety nine
point nine nine nine nine nine nine nine
nine percent of people.
But it isn't for the central characters in
God's story.
Because God's also said that God's
returning.
So.
Have at it to me.
You know, in Dowd's life as king,
he died a natural death,
and yet he came back via birth through
a woman.
And at the end of that life,
his body died a natural death,
not his soul.
And I think the problem is that people
just can't get a grasp on their mind
of what is a soul and how a
soul is so outside of our normal frame
of reference that we can't measure it.
And that somehow we assume that it is
associated with a body.
And we say, well, you know, one life,
one life for a body.
A body is a meaningless piece of trash.
Well organized.
Yeah, it's a nice association.
Some are really nice, better than others.
Some a little inferior.
But it is an accumulation of parts that
disintegrate over time and that are best
organized.
Disjoined, left.
You can't become anything of any
significance with God while you've got
one.
But while you're here on earth trying to
make things happen,
it's nice to be able to use one.
But they're easily replicable.
They're replaceable.
Bodies are fungible.
They're made of the material of the earth.
The only thing that makes them unique is
Really,
DNA in terms of just physical appearance,
but the thing that really makes them
unique is the unique personality that is
conveyed by a soul.
And those souls,
most cease to exist in their normal lives.
The overwhelming preponderance do.
Some are incarcerated in Sheowl.
Some are given the opportunity to go to
Shamaym,
but those would be incredibly few and far
between.
And there would be none.
if it wasn't for the redeployment of souls
like Doug's.
So, Yahowah's rejection.
By the way,
when I speak of these things,
as I first discovered them,
and it was so obvious to me as
we were going over the final word picture
and dealing with the thirty-first proverb,
the Mashal,
that that's what was happening here.
And
And Dowd, who despised his mother,
called his mother a tramp and a whore,
despised his birth mother and the life
that we're talking about here,
went on and on and on.
to praise and thank Yahowah for the
injection of his Amah,
his productive mother, into his life.
And he calls the woman who counseled with
him, who restored his life, Amah.
He calls her the greatest of all women.
He refers to her as Ashar.
taking us right back to what is said
by Leah when she conceives Asher.
And so it became obvious.
I mean,
my goal here as I deal with the
translations and the insights that can be
gleaned for them is to go with the
words laid.
God doing this is rational.
It's fair.
It's appropriate.
It's consistent with his character.
He's talking about it right here.
And it's everywhere.
And that's the only way that his plan
plays out as he intends.
So, you know,
when God's talking about the greater and
lesser luminaries,
and we're going to get to Yirmeyah thirty
one as it discusses these two individuals
who became the signs of the Mowedym because
they were willing.
to fulfill them.
He's talking about two people.
And he equates those two people to greater
and lesser luminaries, younger, older,
younger.
And then he has a lot to say
about their interaction as if they were
the sun and the moon reflecting one
another's light and the time that they
would provide illumination.
But I'm here to tell you that God
in the thirty first chapter,
which is maybe the most important prophecy
in the prophets on the reaffirmation of
the covenant with Israel and Yahuwdym and
the incorporation of the Towrah inside of
the remnants lives,
certainly within the covenant families
souls.
He goes so far as to say after
Mentioning once again,
the Gadowl and the Qatan,
the older and younger,
the greater and lesser,
and then equates them directly in the next
statement with the sun and the moon.
And then with his choke,
which are his prescriptions for living
that cut you into this relationship that
are etched in stone,
that if they don't do what,
they're supposed to do.
If at any point they're withdrawn or they
give up, there is no hope for Israel.
It's all over.
And without hope for Israel,
there is no hope that God's ever going
to return to this planet.
There's no hope for the planet.
There's no other way that these prophecies
make sense other than that.
Now,
I'm not telling you that because I want
a pat on the back.
I don't.
Man, when I first saw this, oh man,
my chin fell to the table and immediately
I saw, oh my goodness,
with already a cult out there that spends
all their time saying,
what can we do to show our hatred
for Craig?
By the way,
they popped up again over this weekend.
What can we do to disparage him,
claiming that we're better?
The moment you recognize something like
that,
you're going to immediately tee them off
because they have no concept for that.
The only way you're going to appreciate
this is if you're with us all the
way.
You've read the books,
you've read the new books,
you've listened to the program.
You're part of the group that has not
only been with us for a long time,
but has been a contributor for a long
time.
You're really into this relationship with
Yahowah.
You're demonstrating that you're among
those who can be trusted.
And if you are,
you see this and say, oh, wow,
this is exactly as it needs to be.
And the evidence,
the way it's presented is articulational.
It's exceedingly well proven.
And there really is no other explanation.
And it's perfect evidence.
for what Yahowah was trying to do and
there's no infringement of free will and
it's very straightforward what God did and
it's consistent with this whole story
going all the way back to Adam and
then Chanowk and then Noach and I say
we'll go through all of those examples
before long.
But if you're not,
if you're naturally prone to be on the
attack mode,
be among those who are left behind at
the Shabuwah harvest, as God said,
and are so full of yourselves that God
says you're going to shield, then,
of course,
you're going to tee off on that.
And I knew that was going to happen.
And I knew the moment we were taken
in this direction,
we would have to go away from social
media.
That at this point,
this is not a message that you can
promote with those who are not up to
speed,
who haven't been with us and grown with
us over time.
It's because this is a very mature
understanding of Yahowah's nature and
procedures.
And so at this point,
I came to realize our only rational
approach to what we are doing is for
us to leave social media.
We're not trying to promote this anymore.
As I said on one post,
the welcome mat is no longer out.
There is no way for us to attract
someone's attention today.
that is going to be able to devote
the time to read all of the books
and to understand what God is offering and
accept it and respond to it and engage
and then demonstrate that they can be
trusted because through ups and downs and
challenges, they still prevail.
God's not going to trust anybody with the
empowerment into the seventh dimension and
all that entails and an eternity and
proximity to him and other covenant
members that is a newbie.
That's why the millennial celebration of
Sukah and our return to Eden is a
thousand years long.
We have a thousand years left.
to get it right with the remnant so
that they can genuinely learn what they
need to know, devote the time to it,
and demonstrate that they're trustworthy.
Not going to happen.
Whether it's two months or fourteen
months, not enough time for it to happen.
So that's when I knew we had to
go to the...
website and build it as effectively as we
could to work as a training and
educational place for current covenant
members so we can all come up to
speed and we are properly equipped for
what we're going to be,
what's going to be required of us going
forward,
but also to serve as a resource during
the time of trouble and during the
millennial celebration of Sukah.
So.
That is where we are.
And it makes us much more vulnerable to
those who are incapable of seeing the
broad picture and have an understanding as
opposed to the conspiratorial mindset of
my life is miserable.
I need someone to blame for my miserable
life.
And I'm jealous of somebody
that has a fulfilling life,
and therefore somebody makes a claim that
I don't understand,
I'm going to attack them for it,
no matter if my position is completely
irrational and shows that I have no
understanding of how terms are used.
And that's where we are.
So then Yahowah said,
posing a question to Sha'uwl, to Shamuw’el,
I'm sorry.
So then Yahowah said,
posing a question to Shamuw’el,
this is the judge and the prophet,
For how long, he asked him,
will you grieve about Sha'uwl?
Since I myself despise him and I have
rejected him as king of Yisrael.
Fill your horn with olive oil and go.
I am sending you to Yasha'yah, Beth HaShem.
of these, a resident of Bethlehem,
because I have seen a king to approach
me among his sons.
Samuel, listen to him, first Samuel,
and that is the lesson.
You know, when I'm now translating Isaiah,
one of the things that God said is,
listen,
He says,
and this was one of the things that
caused some of the cultists to immediately
go off and have their little tizzy fit.
God's saying,
those that are separated unto me,
those who are devoted to me,
they are Gibowr.
Bold, courageous, confident, unrelenting,
tough.
They're Gibowr.
Gibowr is the opposite of meek or mild
or timid.
And then he says,
they are so confident that the world will
perceive them as arrogant.
And that's the way I want them to
be.
I want them to be so confident the
world perceives them as arrogant.
And I want them to be so assured
that their boldness and their brashness is
appropriate,
that the way that they are addressing
those who are enemies of me,
of those I hate, is appropriate.
I want them to smile.
I want them to enjoy the process of
besmirching, of damning, of...
obliterating those who have misled my
people and who are wrong and who oppose
them and me.
I mean,
so confident they're perceived as
conceited.
You know,
this most recent round of belligerence all
came from people wanting to say,
God wants us to be modest and humble.
And you're not modest and humble.
So you're not with God.
And we are because we're modest and
humble, except when we're attacking you.
It's just utterly stupid.
God does not look for people to be
modest or humble.
It is a mistranslation of words like anna,
for example, that means to be responsive.
So, no.
God's looking for tough, resilient,
steadfast, harsh even.
those who are so confident the world
perceives them as conceited,
who are so consistent with the mindset of
God that they actually enjoy the process
of ridding the world of those who mislead.
Pretty powerful, huh?
So here,
Yah's saying something very similar.
Why are you grieving over, obsessing over,
Sha'uwl, why are you trying to correct him?
That's a huge thing that most people don't
get
God is not interested in us convincing
people, of us trying to change them,
of us evangelizing them,
of us negotiating with them,
of us debating them,
of us trying to resolve their religiosity.
He says, don't do that.
I don't do that.
And of those people who are like Sha'uwl,
who were political and religious, he said,
I hate him.
Now,
he chose Dowd because Dowd's mindset was
similar to Yahowah's.
Yahowah's is, I hate him.
I don't want you to be trying to
fix him.
Stop trying to fix him.
It isn't your job to go out there
and say, oh,
I'm so sorry that we had a disagreement.
Maybe I could make it right.
What is it that you really want?
What are your issues?
How can I help you?
No, God says, leave them alone.
I hate them.
We don't understand the value of hate in
our society.
If you can't learn to hate,
how to hate, what to hate,
why to hate, then you can't be loving.
You can't be compassionate.
You can't be just.
You can't be rational.
You can't be moral.
None of these things.
Sha'uwl was misleading the people.
He was taking the nation of Israel away
from God.
And so God says, that's hateful.
That's one life destroying many.
And we have, you know,
people that are belligerent now where one
life, self-serving life,
is trying to convince other people to
destroy the lives of others,
to make them as miserable as they are.
God says, don't do that.
You know, you need like MAGAs or,
you know,
or damn near worshiping Trump as a
Messiah.
And yet he's a sexual pervert.
He is maniacal.
He's far worse than Sha'uwl.
He is worse than the apostle Paul.
He is worse than Mohammed.
And he is like them in the sense
that he's demon possessed.
This is why would you do that?
Stop that.
It's disgusting.
I despise him.
You should despise him.
I reject him.
You should reject him.
Don't coddle them.
Speak out against them.
Okay, you don't have to do that,
but you're not going to be part of
the covenant family if you don't do this.
These are God's instructions.
If you're going to be meek and
mealy-mouthed and try to...
convince people that there is another way,
another path that God wants to be followed
and that God wants the timid of heart
and the meek, then God says, no, goodbye.
Don't fix them, disassociate from them.
Hate them.
By the way, we don't hate with violence.
We don't hate with threats.
We hate with our words.
We say,
this is what they've said that was
disgusting and it's untrue and it's
grossly misleading.
And it is attacking the very essence of
God's plan in people.
And this is the truth and how it
stands up.
And so somebody that would pursue this
agenda, this is what God says about them.
And you share God's testimony regarding
it, which is really harsh.
And that's what you do.
And you leave it there.
You never lash out violently at them.
You never threaten them.
That's the problem, too,
is that people don't know how to use
their words effectively.
So he says,
let's go on with the future.
Fill your horn with olive oil.
Let's go.
Come on.
I'm sending you out.
There's a son of Yasha'yah,
which is the substance of existence.
He was a bum, by the way.
And he's a resident of Bethlehem,
which is either the house of bread or
the house of war,
depending on how you want to render
Lechem.
Because I have seen a king,
I have seen a leader, a sovereign ruler,
and there was no king in Bethlehem,
as an eight-year-old boy was tending
sheep, to approach me among his sons,
Samuel, sixteen, one.
Now,
when I first confronted the truth about
the fraudulent nature of Sha'uwl,
of Christianity,
When I did that, I was saddened.
I was disappointed.
I was particularly frustrated with myself
for having believed his lies,
while I grieved for those who were still
beguiled by them.
Our response,
our progress from anger as we confront the
realization that God despises us,
the religion that Sha'uwl Paul conceived
because of the horrific impact it's had on
his people, we eventually get over it.
And we get on with the business of
observing, contemplating, understanding,
and sharing what Yahowah intended.
In fact,
as soon as you attack Paul and his
fourteen letters and the Christian New
Testament and carry out all of that trash,
and it's only then that you're in a
position to properly present the truth
that don't.
is the Messiah, the Son of God,
the Chosen One, who fulfilled Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym, becoming our Savior.
So the same thing was true here.
Shamuw’el said, how can I go?
If Sha'uwl hears of it,
then he will have me killed.
Therefore, Yahowah said,
take a bull for consideration by your hand
and say,
I have come to offer a sacrifice in
association with Yahowah.
I get frustrated, read things like this.
I think I shared this on a previous
program last week.
I am pleased that Yahowah said,
take a bull.
Didn't say take a lamb,
said take a bull.
Why take a bull?
If you're going to confront errant
political and religious leadership that is
affecting Israel,
you're not going to accomplish anything
with a lamb.
You need a bull.
Bulls are tough.
Bulls are protective.
Bulls are aggressive.
Bulls have the kind of personality traits
that have to be used in situations like
this.
Take a damn bull.
And by the way,
it's the bull who is sacrificed in the
end to resolve the last traces of Israel's
religiosity with the Adamah Parah,
this productive and bullish man of the
earth.
Let's take a bull.
And God said, listen,
I understand that you're nervous about
this.
You shouldn't be.
But you are because, you know,
your role isn't the bull.
So I'm going to have symbolically have the
bull accompany you.
And
I'm going to accommodate you, Hashem will.
The reason I'm going to accommodate you is
quite frankly, God's all in.
I really don't have an alternative in this
case.
And so, you know,
we need you to do as I ask,
otherwise the world's going to end and
there's no hope for Israel or for mankind.
So I'm going to help you through this.
And God does that a lot when the
people that he has chosen,
don't have the horsepower to do what needs
to be done.
What happened when Dowd failed,
when Moshe failed,
when humanity failed and God wanted to end
the entire experience,
he inserts someone that he knows he can
trust with a very bullish,
aggressive personality that's going to get
the damn job done.
And he does.
And it works.
And then invite, he says, yeshe,
to the sacrificial feast.
I will make known to you,
this is yada.
I will make yada even aware to you.
By the way,
you're carrying the bull with you,
so maybe you can make the connections.
What to show the way to the benefits
of the relationship.
You should set at,
you should act upon and engage in.
Yeah,
you should act upon what God is conveying
through the bull and through Yada and
through Dowd, who I'm sending you to meet.
Then you shall anoint, Messiah,
you shall apply oil,
rubbing and smearing it on these as a
ceremonial act of consecration to
demonstrate the authority to lead on my
behalf for me.
On the one through whom I will reveal
the way to get the most out of
life, whom I will announce to you.
I will tell you.
First Samuel, sixteen, three.
So Dowd is the antidote to Sha'uwl.
That would be the anointed Mashyach.
And to both of them,
the antidote for Pauling Christianity is
the real Messiah, don't.
The antidote for Yahowah's people being
political and religious, don't.
More than any other person,
Yahowah would make him known to us,
a promise clearly kept,
and
together they would reveal the way to the
relationship that God intended,
not just reveal it, they would enable it.
So when we listen to Yah,
we know how to act, where to go,
what to do.
We are prepared to respond to
opportunities or to provocations.
We are properly guided and instructed,
prepared for whatever life brings our way.
Good things happen when we follow this
same formula.
Listen to Yahowah,
contemplate what he has said and then
engage, be responsive,
doing as he requested and then stick with
it all the way to the end.
Finish the job.
Perhaps that is why Shamuw’el's name means
listen.
He listens to God.
So Shemuel, listen to him,
he listens to God, engaged.
And he did, therefore, what Yahowah said.
I recall that's what happened with Noach
too, didn't he?
Noach engaged, and he did, therefore,
what Yahowah said.
So he came to Bethlehem,
the house of bread or the house of
conflict.
both probably appropriated.
Startled and a bit afraid,
the elders of the town appeared and
welcomed him.
They said,
did you come under favorable circumstances
to reconcile, Shalwom?
Are you here as a Shalwomer with blessings
and in peace to fulfill a promise of
restoration?
With that bull that you're dragging behind
you.
That's sixteen four.
Now,
there are a couple of subtle insights here
that I think are important.
First,
that Bethlehem is more than just the house
of bread.
As I've mentioned,
it's also a place of continuing conflict
with the community.
would have to fight for its very
existence.
And this reality deepens the connection
with Dowd, as he, more than anyone,
would have to battle to protect his
people, even in this place.
And he would have to battle even Sha'uwl,
who turned on him,
just like the wannabe apostle Sha'uwl turned
on him and buried him.
stealing everything that was his.
Now, second,
the reference to Shalwom is intriguing
because it would soon be integrated into
the very name of the city at this
point that didn't even exist that would
most closely be associated with Dowd.
The city of Dowd is actually called
Yerushalem.
And that means the source from which
teaching and guidance from Yara,
the basis of Towrah,
regarding Shalwom reconciliation flow.
It is a compound of Yara,
which is the verbal root of Towrah,
source of teaching and guidance,
direction and instruction, and Shalwom,
reconciliation for restoration of the
relationship.
Now, third, based upon this statement,
the one which will soon follow,
and the one that will soon follow,
I should say,
the prophecy that Christians celebrate,
believing it predicts that their God,
their God-man, the myth of Jesus,
would come from Bethlehem to be king of
Israel.
Speaks of guess who?
The actual Messiah and son of God, Dowd,
the man who is actually the king,
the Melech of Yisrael.
It was always an awkward fit when applied
to the misnomer Jesus,
because even in the myths written about
him,
he was never the leader of his people
ever, never a king.
And only Yahuwdah existed during the time.
putting Christian interpretations in
conflict with key aspects of the prophecy.
Because you couldn't have been a king of
Israel because Israel didn't exist at the
time.
And even Judea was a province and
controlled by Rome.
So as not to lose our place in
the natural flow of all of this
discussion,
we are in good time going to turn
to Micah, Micah five,
and the prediction regarding Bethlehem
after the conclusion of what we're
reviewing here in first Samuel, sixteen.
It is yet another example of how Yahowah's
promises regarding his beloved son, Nod,
were usurped by Christians to convert
Jesus into their king.
Let's continue to assess the anointing of
Dowd by the last of the judges and
prophet, Shamuw’el.
He listens to God.
His answer to the elders is interesting in
that it shows that he made the transition
from the sacrifice to its intended
purpose.
It was the most appropriate, beneficial,
and godly thing we can do.
with our time and with our lives.
And based upon this next statement,
at least what God has to say,
Samuel clearly recognized that we need to
be set apart from the common things of
men, like religion and politics,
which are the most common,
if we want to be reconciled with God.
And lastly,
the Shaphat decision maker realized that
the means to reconciliation
was through the Miqra'ey,
these invitations to be called out and
meet with God,
which is why he extended the Qara
invitation to Yasha'yah.
He answered, for your reconciliation,
Shalwom,
I have come to offer a sacrificial feast.
How about Chag Matsah?
to approach Yahowah.
Become set apart, Qodesh, separate.
Be distinct from that which is common and
ordinary, like, of course,
religion and politics.
And come with me to the sacrificial feast.
And he said,
separated Yasha'yah,
setting him apart from the others,
as well as his sons.
And he issued an invitation to them, Qara.
He called them out,
summoning them by name,
greeting and welcoming them to the
offering.
Samuel, first Samuel, sixteen five.
Now, always eager to see what comes next,
we sometimes run the risk of
overlooking and even more revealing
perspective and insight.
And here, for example,
Yahowah instructed Shamuw’el to speak of
invitations and reconciliation and of the
sacrificial offering in association with
the search for his son, Dowd,
who would fulfill this very purpose.
Now if your eyes are open,
your mind is open,
this is insightful in the context of how
the anointing of Bethlehem's shepherd
would lead to his spiritual empowerment
all at Yahowah's direction.
Dowd is our guide through the Miqra'ey.
He embodies the covenant relationship.
Yahowah says emphatically that he
established the covenant not with Abraham,
with Dowd.
And that
Dowd represents the doorway to eternal
life in heaven by fulfilling Pesach.
He is the branch of the tree of
lives.
He is the tree of lives.
So to this end,
Dowd's name is scribed with repeated
Dalets, doors, two of them.
The same wa connection we find between the
two He's,
observant individuals in Yahowah's name,
is also included.
Further,
when we follow Dowd through the
invitations to be called out and meet with
God,
we pass through the same door on Pesach
and are anointed with the same spirit on
Matsah,
such that we too become part of the
covenant family on Bikuwrym.
It's on Matsah that he removes our
political and religious guilt,
taking it off to Sheowl.
So as we contemplate what comes next,
we're reminded that Yahowah works through
men and women who are surprisingly similar
to us.
And the ones that he prefers and uses
over and over again are those who are
also surprisingly similar to him.
Now, for example, Shamul was a good man,
a man of character and conscience,
but when acting on his own initiative and
apart from divine inspiration,
he was as susceptible to jumping to errant
conclusions as the rest of us.
Even Yahowah's prophets, the judges even,
experts in the Towrah,
those who had personal conversations with
Yahowah,
are not only capable of error,
it's an essential aspect of who we are.
It's these errors that we have to learn
from and overcome that is the only way
for us to demonstrate that we are doing
what we should be doing, learning,
growing, improving, correcting,
getting up when we trip and fall,
proving that we can be trusted.
So it's one of the things that I
find so appealing and genuine
about those that Yahowah has chosen to
represent him.
We not only don't have to be perfect,
we will never be perfect.
And even God's not perfect,
nor does he want to be,
nor does he want us to be perfect
because we are perfect.
There'd be nothing to achieve,
nothing that could be accomplished,
nowhere to grow,
nothing to differentiate one from another.
And it could never demonstrate that we can
be trusted.
We can never learn.
We could never be anything more than we
were
conceived to be.
What a waste of eternity.
God wants us to be receptive to him,
to go where his words lead.
And in this case,
they lead past the first seven sons to
the eighth symbolic, of course,
of eternal life.
And it came to exist when they arrived
and they saw Ely'ab.
Ely'ab is my God is father.
My father is God.
And said,
surely Yahowah's anointing of him will be
straightaway and conspicuous.
Straightaway and conspicuous from the get.
It's a term very, very,
very often applied to Dowd that
that Dowd was Yahowah's counterpart.
He was conspicuous counterpart of Yahowah
because the personalities were so similar.
However, Yahowah declared to Shamuw’el,
do not focus upon or have regard for
his appearance.
Stop looking at the body.
God,
it's the whole thing I'm trying to
emphasize with our covenant family to
prepare you for what's coming.
Stop looking at physical appearances.
It's the soul that matters.
Is that soul reliable?
Is that soul aggressive?
Is that soul focused and dedicated on
learning?
Is that soul committed to
Is that soul one that you can rely
upon to not give up and get this
job done?
Is that soul inquisitive?
Focus on the soul and not the body,
and you won't have a tough time trying
to understand why God redeploys certain
souls.
and don't regard his stature and height.
Oh, good.
Yeah, of course,
everybody would like to be six foot,
you know, or more, six foot four and,
you know,
chiseled and tower over other men.
And he says, stop that.
I mean, Dowd was probably five foot eight.
My guess is maybe five foot ten at
most.
Stop looking at stature.
Stop looking at physical appearances.
If I can convince you to do that
and to recognize that Yahowah values souls
that have attributes and attitudes,
personality and experiences,
a will to succeed and be steadfast and
overcome,
then I will have taken you to where
I am.
It says,
don't look at these things because I have
rejected him.
That's not impressed.
For indeed,
inconsistent with the way that man views
humankind,
considering an individual's visual
appearance.
But instead,
Yahowah perceives a person's character and
conscience
la ha lebab
the inclination to exercise good judgment.
The heart was the seat of judgment,
of thinking, of thoughts, of choices,
of volition, of the mind and heart,
of the ability to distinguish between
right and wrong,
the conviction to see it through.
Courage, character.
That's what Yahowah says.
Samuel, listen to him.
First Samuel, six, ten, seven.
And that is where we're going to lead
this program,
because I want you to think about that.
God says,
I do not look at physical appearances.
They mean nothing to me.
I don't care about his height,
his stature, his personal presence,
his self-image,
or any part of his visual appearance of
what can be seen with the eyes.
No,
I'm interested in what makes him special.
Not in his visual appearance,
but in his le baba, his character,
his conscience,
his inclination to exercise good judgment,
his thinking, his thoughts, his choices,
his
Volition.
Mind and heart.
That's what matters to God.
And quite frankly,
that doesn't sound like a very high
standard.
There have been exceedingly few people
that have measured up.
And of those who have actually reached the
point where God says, I like that person.
That's my guy.
Like Chanowk, Enoch.
Like
EliYah, like Dowd, and like some others.
They are rare indeed.
And if we're going to appreciate what God
appreciates,
we need to appreciate them too.
Well, I thank you for listening.
We endured the wind.
I hope the howl wasn't too much in
the microphone.
This happens to be a jewel that...
Rich actually acquired for us.
This is the top end of the shore
line.
He is a microphone aficionado,
and he picked this one and this particular
sock that goes over it just so that
we could do programs on blustery days out
here in our ocean studio because we love
the environment.
We think it's, well,
it's an invocative of the role we're
playing.
It's the man from the sea who embraces
the land.
So here we are above the sea,
and it's just so open and exposed that
you're able to see the character and
conscience of the person speaking to you,
who cares enough to tell you what they
have learned from being in God's presence.
Thank you for listening.
Good day.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.